feat(docs): updated Conditional branching with Switch task (#1782)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/15.how-to-guides/conditional-branching.md

outputs:
  - id: status-output
    type: STRING
    value: "{{ outputs.log-site-up ?? outputs.log-site-down ?? outputs.unknown-status }}"

```

Save and execute the `kestra-http-switch` flow.

The above flow when executed checks the status of Kestra’s website and logs a message depending on the response code returned.

Within the flow:

- `tasks`: Handles the status check of the Kestra website with the following tasks:
    - `id: check_kestra_site`: Executes a Python script to send a HEAD request to the Kestra website and writes the HTTP status code to a `site_status.txt` file.
    - `id: decide_site_status`: Utilizes the `Switch` task  to evaluate the HTTP status code from the `check_kestra_site` task:
        - If the status code is `"200"`, it logs a message indicating the site is up.
        - If the status code is `"404"`, it logs a message indicating the site is not found.
        - If an unexpected status code is received, it falls back to the `defaults` branch with a message indicating unknown status.
- `outputs`: Extracts and logs the output status message based on the logs generated from the `Switch` task.

## Next Steps

> You have implemented conditional branching with the `Switch` task using the `switch` flow to check your input strings and `kestra-http-switch` flow to check Kestra’s website status.  The `Switch` task can further be implemented in various use cases to support your enterprise flows. To learn more about the `Switch` task, visit the following articles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have implemented conditional branching with the `Switch` task using the `switch` flow to check your input strings and `kestra-http-switch` flow to check Kestra’s website status.  The `Switch` task can further be implemented in various use cases to support your flows. Further resources about the `Switch` task:
```
